Document exact behavior of how serial/ssh response matching works (#5737)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: develop/schemadoc/Protocol/Protocol.Triggers.Trigger.Time.md

|protocol|after startup|The trigger will go off when the element running the protocol has (re)started. For example: Restart or Activate after stop. It will not trigger after a Pause. Note that at least one group must be defined in the protocol, as otherwise the trigger will not work.|
|protocol|link file changed|The trigger will go off when the protocol’s link file has changed. (This is a matrix-related option.)|
|response|before|The trigger will go off before the specified response is processed.|

> |response|after|The trigger will go off after the specified response has successfully been received and fully matches.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|response|after|The trigger will go off after the specified response has successfully been received, if it fully matches.|
```
